I will stand my watch and set myself on
the rampart and watch to see what he
will say to me and what I will answer
when I am corrected then the Lord
answered me and said write the vision
and make it plain on tablets that he may
run who reads it for the vision is yet
for an appointed time but at the end it
will speak and it will not lie though it
tarries wait for it because it will
surely come it will not tarry
behold the proud his soul is not upright
in him but the just shall live by his
faith woe to the wicked indeed because
he transgresses by wine he is a proud
man and he does not stay at home because
he enlarges his desire as hell and he is
like death and cannot be satisfied he
gathers to himself all nations and heaps
up for himself all peoples will not all
these take up a proverb against him and
a taunting riddle against him and say
woe to him who increases what is not his
how long and to him who loads himself
with many pledges will not your
creditors rise up suddenly will they not
awaken who oppress you and you will
become their booty because you have
plundered many nations all the remnant
of the people shall plunder you because
of men's blood and the violence of the
land
and the city and of all who dwell in it
woe to him who covets evil gain for his
house that he may set his nest on high
that he may be delivered from the power
of disaster you give shameful counsel to
your house cutting off many people's and
sin against yourself for the stone will
cry out from the wall and the beam from
the Timbers will answer it woe to him
who builds a tongue with bloodshed who
establishes a city by iniquity behold is
it not of the Lord of Hosts that the
people's labor to feed the fire and
nations weary themselves in vain for the
earth will be filled with the knowledge
of the glory of the Lord as the waters
cover the sea world to him who gives
drink to his neighbor pressing him to
your bottle even to make him drunk that
you may look on his nakedness you are
filled with shed instead of glory you
also drink and be exposed as
uncircumcised the cup of the Lord's
right hand will be turned against you
and utter shame will be on your glory
for the violence done to Lebanon will
cover you and the plunder of beasts
which made them afraid because of men's
blood and the violence of the land and
the city and of all who dwell in it
what profit is the image that its maker
should carve it the molded image a
teacher of lies
that the maker of its mold should trust
in it to make mute idols woe to him who
says to would awake to silent stone
arise it shall teach behold it is
overlaid with gold and silver yet in it
there is no breath at all but the Lord
is in his holy temple let all the earth
keep silence before him
[Music]
you